Hi will come back in this video we're going to install Python on Windows.
If you are using Windows please watch this video to the end because there is some important things you
have to do while you install Python on Windows.
The first thing to do is hover over the download button and then Python dot org should suggest download
for Windows.
If it does then you can just press Python 3.5 point 1 or a slightly higher version if you're using Windows
XP then unfortunately you cannot use that three point by point 1.
But nearly all of the course content 99 percent of them will work fine in Python 2.7 point 1.
So you can also use that if you are using Windows XP or if you already have Python 2.0 and 11 or or
so installed.
So they want to recommend three point by point one let's download that and then it would just start
downloading as normal and as you can see it's downloading down there and it's an E axes so we can just
click on it and run it as normal.
And the here's the important thing that you have to do in Windows is press this checkbox down here and
Python 3.5 to path.
So check that and then just press install now
and then once that's installed We'll have the programs that we need for these cores installed.
And I'm just quickly going to show you which ones.
That is from just speeding through the section for your convenience
.
OK.
Now that Python is installed we can just close that and then go to our sand bar.
And this is the program that we're going to be using for the first few sections.
Ideally we press that that will open up the python shell which is going to be our main programming tool
for the first few sections of course.
So if you manage to get this far then you are totally ready to get started with development and you
can jump in straight to Section 2 of the course.
That's fantastic so I'll see you there.